Air superiority blue
American brown the shade that brings me the most joy
An amazing color is often seen in cobalt blue. 
Betcha my fav color is wheat
boston university red my choice
By far I would have to say bitter lemon
Can I choose the best of all hues which would be taupe
Caribbean Green
cool grey
deciding is hard but I would select beige
Definitely my selection would be soldier green.
dark midnight blue has always been a good one
Everytime i think about colors, i think of rosewood.
Each of us has one that we love, and mine would be ebony
Electric cyan the choice I would make.
Figuring this out is hard but quartz would be my choice.
first and foremost I would go with emerald
fuchsia is the selection
Got to have the color magenta.
Give me garnet any day
grape
I have always liked the color Navajo white.
Ideally black even if it isn't really a color but all colors
indigo best one
Just let me choose piggy pink.
jasmine is the color I love best
jezz that's a tough one but I'll go with lavender
Khaki, although relatively neutral, would be my option.
Keeping in mind that I love all colors, but have to pick one so it's gonna have to be honeydew
Kindly give me indigo 
Love purple.
Let's see I'm gonna select flamingo pink
Lemon chiffon be the tops
magenta
Money makes the world go round so I take dollar bill thanks.
My favorite color is blue.
never have I chosen before but if I had to, I would pick jelly bean blue.
Needing to pick floral white
nickel's the pick
One of the best hues out there is magenta.
Orange is by far the best.
Only color I can think of is red.
Pink makes me feel happy.
Please give me purple
probably would have to say something like mulberry
Quite frankly, it'd be lemon chiffon.
Quick silver's my selection
Quizzing me on this, I'd answer with saffron
Red brings fire to our passion.
Really not sure but my selection's gonna be sangria
Rarely have I been asked such a question but I will choose sapphire
Sky blue is going to be the color of the year.
Such a great inquiry that I'll go with rust
Seeing as I have always enjoyed the beach, my pick is sand
The best color is iris.
Totally has to be iguana green.
Tell ya what, I want scarlet
Undeniably I would choose garnet.
Unsure but if I have to choose, I go with redwood
umber is a color and I have always been a fan
very light malachite green
Violet is my favorite flower and color.
vexed at having to choose just one but I think it's slate green.
We enjoy sunshine so yellow would be lovely.	
Well I love nature so definitely green.
White is really most flattering to me.
yellow
You bet that I would select something like electric violet
Yearning to choose amethyst